introduce insights (#520)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2020-04-30-insights.adoc

---
layout: post
title: 'Quarkus Insights on Youtube Live'
date: 2020-04-30 

> tags: annoucement insights

Reviewer: We are going crazy on the tags, I think we will need to calm down very quickly for them to remain discoverable

announcement
arc
awards
conference
development-tips
elasticsearch
extension
fault-tolerance
graalvm
hibernate
ide
kafka
microprofile
newsletter
performance
release
sentry
smallrye
spring
testing
tracing
user-story

Author: which one do you want to use? "announcement" or "insights" ? I added insights to make a llink similar to user-story but i'm not fuzzed ;)

synopsis: Quarkus Insights is a live streaming channel where we and guests will talk to get insights on how Quarkus works and how it is used.
author: maxandersen
---

> Yesterday, Emmanual Bernard and I kicked of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKm8rVzLhNE[Quarkus Insights #0: Inception]. All based on https://twitter.com/maxandersen/status/1254451547842531329[this tweet] where ~76% was up for us doing "something" in video/podcast'y style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yesterday, Emmanuel Bernard and I kicked off https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKm8rVzLhNE[Quarkus Insights #0: Inception]. All based on https://twitter.com/maxandersen/status/1254451547842531329[this tweet] where ~76% was up for us doing "something" in video/podcast'y style.
```

It is going to be recorded live as part of our existing https://youtube.com/c/quarkusio[QuarkusIO] channel. To be notified when new shows are planned and when they go live https://youtube.com/c/quarkusio[Go Subscribe] and hit the bell for notifications!

> In this first episode we introduces the idea and concepts and took questions from the ~35 guests that made it in with short notice!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this first episode we introduced the idea and concepts and took questions from the ~35 guests that made it in with short notice!
```

video::YKm8rVzLhNE[youtube,width=640, height=360]

It was super-fun and looking forward to do it again on Monday.

> https://youtu.be/OCPFdpvL1Q0[Quarkus Insights episode, #1: Tests] with a guest appearance from Georgios Andrianakis.

Reviewer: We need to explain what will be discussed and that live demos will be there. Otherwise I don't know why I would show up
